vmagent: support MDX(monitor data exchange) for remote write (#10854)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

See also [LTS releases](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/lts-releases/).

## tip

> * FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmagent/): introduce `-remoteWrite.mdx.enable` and `-mdx.instanceEntryTTL` command-line flags to support mdx service in `vmagent`, it allows `vmagent` to send only metrics from VictoriaMetrics services to the corresponding `-remoteWrite.url`. See [monitoring-data-exchange](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmagent/#monitoring-data-exchange) and [#10600](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10600) for detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmagent/): add support for [Monitoring Data eXchange (MDX)](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmagent/#monitoring-data-exchange): the ability to route only metrics from VictoriaMetrics services to a specific `-remoteWrite.url`. MDX is useful for building monitoring-of-monitoring where one remote storage should receive the full metric stream and another should receive only VictoriaMetrics metrics. Enable per destination with `-remoteWrite.mdx.enable=true`. See [#10600](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10600).
```
